Armadillo/README.md, before:

# Description
This case was designed for snowboarders to wear EmotiBit while performing tricks in a halfpipe. 

# Overview Image
![](./assets/overview_image.gif)

# EmotiBit Compatibility
<!--- This table is written in minified html to permit scraping into a sub-table in the root EmotiBit_Cases/readme.md -->
<table><tr><th>EmotiBit<br>Version</th><th>Fit?</th></tr><tr><td>V01</td><td>Y</td></tr><tr><td>V02</td><td>Y</td></tr><tr><td>V03</td><td>Y</td></tr><tr><td><a href=https://github.com/EmotiBit/EmotiBit_Cases/tree/feat-reorg-cases/EmotiBit_3D_Models/V04>V04</a></td><td>Y?</td></tr></table>

## EmotiBit Compatibility Notes
- EmotiBit V04 just barely fits length-wise into this case

# Feather Compatibility
<!--- This table is written in minified html to permit scraping into a sub-table in the root EmotiBit_Cases/readme.md -->
<table><tr><th>Feather<br>Version</th><th>Fit?</th></tr><tr><td><a href=https://www.adafruit.com/product/2598>M0 WiFi<br>Regular Header</a></td><td>Y</td></tr><tr><td><a href=https://www.adafruit.com/product/3044>M0 WiFi<br>Stacking Header</a></td><td>N</td></tr></table>

# 3D Printing Notes
| Works? | Vendor/Printer | Material | Notes |
| :----: | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| Y | [shapeways](https://www.shapeways.com/) | Processed Versatile Plastic | Robust case for extreme conditions. |
| Y | [shapeways](https://www.shapeways.com/) | Dark Gray PA12 Glass Beads | Somewhat fragile. Clips can break if not careful. |

# Additional Hardware
None

# Feature Accessibility
| Feature | Accessible? |
| ------ | :----: |
| SD card | Case must be partially removed |
| EmotiBit Button | Case must be partially removed |
| USB connector | Case must be partially removed |
| EmotiBit LEDs visible | LEDs are somewhat visible through case material |
| Feather LEDs visible | LEDs are somewhat visible through case material |
| Short-edge EmotiBit strap slots | Y |
| Long-edge EmotiBit strap slots  | N |
| Hibernate switch | Case must be partially removed |
| Battery connector | Case must be partially removed |
| Battery removal/replacement | Case must be partially removed |
| Feather reset button | Case must be partially removed |
| Feather stacking header pins | N/A |

# Known limitations
None

# Credits
Designed by the Paquette Lab at the Université du Québec à Chicoutimi (UQAC)

Commit message:

Added images showing Feather compatiblity

Armadillo/README.md, after:

# Description
This case was designed for snowboarders to wear EmotiBit while performing tricks in a halfpipe. 

# Overview Image
![](./assets/overview_image.gif)

# EmotiBit Compatibility
<!--- This table is written in minified html to permit scraping into a sub-table in the root EmotiBit_Cases/readme.md -->
<table><tr><th>EmotiBit<br>Version</th><th>Fit?</th></tr><tr><td>V01</td><td>Y</td></tr><tr><td>V02</td><td>Y</td></tr><tr><td>V03</td><td>Y</td></tr><tr><td><a href=https://github.com/EmotiBit/EmotiBit_Cases/tree/feat-reorg-cases/EmotiBit_3D_Models/V04>V04</a></td><td>Y?</td></tr></table>

## EmotiBit Compatibility Notes
- EmotiBit V04 just barely fits length-wise into this case

# Feather Compatibility
<!--- This table is written in minified html to permit scraping into a sub-table in the root EmotiBit_Cases/readme.md -->
<table><tr><th>Feather<br>Version</th><th>Fit?</th></tr><tr><td><a href=https://www.adafruit.com/product/2598>M0 WiFi<br>Regular Header</a></td><td>Y</td></tr><tr><td><a href=https://www.adafruit.com/product/3044>M0 WiFi<br>Stacking Header</a></td><td>N</td></tr></table>

# 3D Printing Notes
| Works? | Vendor/Printer | Material | Notes |
| :----: | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| Y | [shapeways](https://www.shapeways.com/) | Processed Versatile Plastic | Robust case for extreme conditions. |
| Y | [shapeways](https://www.shapeways.com/) | Dark Gray PA12 Glass Beads | Somewhat fragile. Clips can break if not careful. |

# Additional Hardware
None

# Feature Accessibility
| Feature | Accessible? |
| ------ | :----: |
| SD card | Case must be partially removed |
| EmotiBit Button | Case must be partially removed |
| USB connector | Case must be partially removed |
| EmotiBit LEDs visible | LEDs are somewhat visible through case material |
| Feather LEDs visible | LEDs are somewhat visible through case material |
| Short-edge EmotiBit strap slots | Y |
| Long-edge EmotiBit strap slots  | N |
| Hibernate switch | Case must be partially removed |
| Battery connector | Case must be partially removed |
| Battery removal/replacement | Case must be partially removed |
| Feather reset button | Case must be partially removed |
| Feather stacking header pins | N/A |

# Known limitations
This case will work ONLY when using with a non-stacking Adafruit Feather (e.g. https://www.adafruit.com/product/2598), such as those shipped with EmotiBit Beta Units.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/537062/154559508-3f8db637-875d-4ec1-a158-826584fe21fa.png)

With a stacking-header Adafruit Feather (e.g. https://www.adafruit.com/product/3044) that is shipping with Kickstarter orders and preorders on http://shop.emotibit.com/ a slightly taller case design must be utilized.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/537062/154559660-09ad3236-1e44-480a-bae4-85da642940e3.png)

# Credits
Designed by the Paquette Lab at the Université du Québec à Chicoutimi (UQAC)
